samples: nrf9160: modem_shell: ppp updates and link ipv6 MTU printing (#6130)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Updated some samples to use DTS overlays instead of KConfig configuration files for setting up external flash memory.
  * Added support for nRF Cloud A-GPS and P-GPS.
    A-GPS support is enabled by default.

>   * PPP updates: IPv6 support, LTE link MTU to be informed to PC, autostarting of PPP improved and changes for enabling better performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * PPP updates: 
    * IPv6 support
    * LTE link MTU to be informed to PC
    * Improved autostart of PPP
    * Changes for better performance
```
